Javascript is a programming language that is very famous.

How JS works???
"Everything in Javascript happens inside an Execution Context. "

Execution Content - Execution context is made up of two components called the "variable environment" and "Thread of Execution"

"Javascript is an synchronouse single threaded language"
Single- threaded meaning Javascript can only execute one command at a time while synchrous meaning in a specific order

How the code is executed??
1. Javascript skims through the whole program and allocates memory to the functions and variables(as undefined for var) i.e. Memory Creation Phase
2. Javascript once agains sees the programs and runs it and in the space of "undefinite" it stores the actual value i.e Code Execution Phase
3.Javascript when the program is fully executed, deletes the global execution context.

What is a Function Invoction in Javascript??
Whenever you see a function name with parenthesis, it means the function is being executed.
Functions are like a mini program in JS so , altogether an new execution context is made
just like the global execution context, so again in the phase 1 all the variables will be stored 
as undefined . Now the phase two is executed and all the variables are put with their respective values
When the function invocation is done the function execution context is deleted.

What is a call stack??
The call stack in JavaScript tracks the order in which functions are executed.
When a function is called, it’s pushed onto the stack; when it finishes, it’s popped off.
JavaScript executes code synchronously, processing one stack frame at a time.
If the stack grows too large due to deep recursion or blocking code, a stack overflow occurs.

"Call Stack maintains the order of execution of Execution contexts"
It is also known as Execution Context Stack , Machine Stack, Program Stack ,Control Stack, Runtime Stack

What is Hoisting???
Hoisting in JavaScript is the behavior where variable and function
declarations are moved to the top of their scope during the compilation phase-

Functions are fully declared because in the Memory Allocation Phase, the code of the function is fully stored.
Variables are partially declared because in MAP, only undefined is kept as the value of the variable


What is the Variable Environment??
It is the other name for the memory part in the execution contexts.


How functions works??
Functions are like mini programs and have their own function execution context in JavaScript
and when a variable is called ,JavaScript searches the function execution context only 
not the global execution context so we can have the same variables for the global
Execution context and the Function execution context.

When a function is invoked the Global Execution Context is stopped at that line 
then the Function Execution Context is made and the same happens. The FEC is popped 
off the call stack and deleted and control is back at the GEC line where it stopped.

A function execution context has two parts a global part and a local part.
The global part contains the registered functions that comes with Javascript like
addEventListener() etc. The local part consists of the local memory where Javascript 
searches for variables.

What is the shortest Javascript program?
It is just a empty file of JS. As it stil creates a GEC 

What is Window?? 
Window is a space in which functions made by the Javascript Engine is stored.
When a GEC is made it comes with the Window space and the "this" variable
